two down
this is like essential spot for
motocross in Southern California that's
where all the sponsors are and we moved
here from Canada actually no I'm
something from Scotland planeta yeah
this is just about to be you know all we
got tracks that are so central to your
house 20 minutes on your heads and
there's like seven tracks being on
monster for Sergei is a huge achievement
in itself you know obviously winning my
first championship this year on the
outdoor national championship so that
was real exciting and being on the
Monster Energy Pro Circuit Kawasaki team
I mean that's what's got me to where I
am today actually hurt my wrist at pala
national the last Randall's it and any
series was actually the roller section
right after I was in effect rep laughter
and in practice I had to take you in
that case they're not just bent my rest
like way too far back you know I was
kind of happy it was broken because I
was complaining so much better you know
I'm supposed to clean that much it was
broken i think i'd be perfect fishing
for the rest of my life a lot of things
don't even seem fun to me because like
my adrenaline is not marry begging rd do
you know what's up dude every year I
diving something that gets your
adrenaline going Freddy bags ready to a
lake elsinore skydive it's about 10
minutes from my house pretty excited
yeah I'm ready for this first time I'm
gonna break my wrist
where there's some fun like that
are you ready Jay that's batteries
taking us at free retro walk
right before the gate drops the feeling
it's almost kind of cement right before
you jump out of a plane
I just like the German rush that's my
favorite part I mean when you're like
foot is just like over the edge of the
plane and you're back to just jump out
and you can possibly die so that's like
an like exciting to me I don't know why
just a crazy feeling jumping out of a
plane Lee who dropped their planes know
so it's pretty cool I don't know I think
it's fun
ah
send something injured this is the
offseason I mean I won't be doing much
enemies well actually I would have been
reached a bunch of caught breaking the
rest sucks but I have time to get healed
up for superdrug I've just been a trying
out with some friends and having fun and
my mom suggested we should go skydive
actually didn't think of it so what type
of mom suggested miss Carter I don't
crazy Scottish mother's been suggested
it but I like your ideas so it's good
whoo
please go desi drop it grab him I just
live it that too yes is my best year
ever it's my second year Pro I want my
first championship this year so that was
so special and it's just a dream come
true for me what does next year whole to
me is a big year for me it's my last
year in the Lites class i'm going to
email him to 450 2013 so it's really
important for me that she okay just go
in there try and win two challenges no I
can see that in an era of won a
championship that's what's expected is
to win championship you know once you
win one championship that's all you want
to do is win I'd never want to let
anybody down I want to keep getting good
results and and keep living my dream
you're my future fans I think it's one
of the second shoes out there you know
just their whole peril and everything
it's really prestige in there you know
my mom would always go shopping at the
outlets and we'll get sweet deals on
shoes and I remember she brought me home
first clear vans and that's when the
ladies started coming you get chicks my
banister low in says skinny ass pants
fresh pair of banks that's what he says
and I was once my hand so it's de prisa